# Guardia-Bot-V2
 
 <!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->
 
 ### Table of Contents
 
 *   [clear][1]
     *   [Examples][2]
 *   [deletesuggestion][3]
 *   [setupRoleChannel][4]
     *   [Examples][5]
 *   [setupStaffChannel][6]
     *   [Examples][7]
 *   [setupSuggestionChannel][8]
     *   [Examples][9]
 *   [setupVoteChannel][10]
     *   [Examples][11]
 *   [AddMember][12]
 *   [DeleteProject][13]
     *   [Examples][14]
 *   [EditProject][15]
 *   [EditTasks][16]
 *   [EndProject][17]
 *   [KickMember][18]
 *   [LeaveProject][19]
 *   [ListProjects][20]
     *   [Examples][21]
 *   [StartProject][22]
 *   [cancelRequest][23]
     *   [Examples][24]
 *   [removeRoles][25]
     *   [Examples][26]
 *   [setupRoles][27]
     *   [Examples][28]
 *   [ping][29]
 *   [suggestion][30]
 
 ## clear
 
 This command allows administrators to quickly clear a specified number of messages from a channel.
 The number of messages can be between 1 and 100.
 
 ### Examples
 
 ```javascript
 // Example usage within a Discord server
 /clear amount:10
 ```
 
 Returns **[Promise][31]\<void>**&#x20;
 
 ## deletesuggestion
 
 Deletes a suggestion based on its ID.
 
 Returns **[Promise][31]\<void>**&#x20;
 
 ## setupRoleChannel
 
 This command allows administrators to configure the channel used for role requests
 in a Discord server. The channel is saved in the server's configuration and logged
 for future use. It provides feedback to the user via an ephemeral message that is
 deleted after 5000ms.
 
 ### Examples
 
 ```javascript
 // Example usage within a Discord server
 /setrolechannel channel:#roles
 ```
 
 Returns **[Promise][31]\<void>**&#x20;
 
 ## setupStaffChannel
 
 This command allows administrators to configure the channel used for staff-related
 communications in a Discord server. The selected channel is saved in the server's
 configuration and logged for future reference. A feedback message is provided to the user
 via an ephemeral message that is automatically deleted after 5000ms.
 
 ### Examples
 
 ```javascript
 // Example usage within a Discord server
 /setstaffchannel channel:#staff
 ```
 
 Returns **[Promise][31]\<void>**&#x20;
 
 ## setupSuggestionChannel
 
 This command allows administrators to configure the channel used for receiving
 suggestions in a Discord server. The channel is saved in the server's configuration
 and logged for future reference. It provides feedback to the user via an ephemeral
 message that is deleted after 5000ms.
 
 ### Examples
 
 ```javascript
 // Example usage within a Discord server
 /setsuggestionchannel channel:#suggestions
 ```
 
 Returns **[Promise][31]\<void>**&#x20;
 
 ## setupVoteChannel
 
 This command allows administrators to configure the channel used for voting
 in a Discord server. The channel is saved in the server's configuration and
 logged for future reference. It provides feedback to the user via an ephemeral
 message that is deleted after 5000ms.
 
 ### Examples
 
 ```javascript
 // Example usage within a Discord server
 /setvotechannel channel:#votes
 ```
 
 Returns **[Promise][31]\<void>**&#x20;
 
 ## AddMember
 
 Adds a member to an existing project, assigns the project role, and updates the project info embed.
 
 Returns **[Promise][31]\<void>**&#x20;
 
 ## DeleteProject
 
 This command allows administrators to delete an active project from the server.
 It will remove the project entry from the database and delete any associated channels and roles.
 
 ### Examples
 
 ```javascript
 // Example usage within a Discord server
 /deleteproject groupe_number:100
 ```
 
 Returns **[Promise][31]\<void>**&#x20;
 
 ## EditProject
 
 Edits the project's progress, technical document status, and presentation status, and updates the project info embed.
 
 Returns **[Promise][31]\<void>**&#x20;
 
 ## EditTasks
 
 Edits the tasks assigned to project members. Only the project leader can assign tasks.
 
 Returns **[Promise][31]\<void>**&#x20;
 
 ## EndProject
 
 Ends the project and sends a confirmation request to the leader.
 
 Returns **[Promise][31]\<void>**&#x20;
 
 ## KickMember
 
 Removes a member from the current project if the leader requests it, updates the project embed, and logs the action.
 
 Returns **[Promise][31]\<void>**&#x20;
 
 ## LeaveProject
 
 Allows a project member to leave the current project, updates the project info embed, and logs the action.
 
 Returns **[Promise][31]\<void>**&#x20;
 
 ## ListProjects
 
 This command allows administrators to view a list of all active projects on the server.
 It displays the project number, leader, and the status.
 
 ### Examples
 
 ```javascript
 // Example usage within a Discord server
 /listprojects
 ```
 
 Returns **[Promise][31]\<void>**&#x20;
 
 ## StartProject
 
 Starts a new project with a unique group number and creates the necessary channels and roles.
 
 Returns **[Promise][31]\<void>**&#x20;
 
 ## cancelRequest
 
 This command allows users to cancel their pending role request. It checks if a pending request exists for the user
 and deletes it from the database if found. A confirmation message is sent to the user. If no pending request is found,
 the user is informed that they have no role request to cancel.
 
 ### Examples
 
 ```javascript
 // Example usage within a Discord server
 /cancelrequest
 ```
 
 Returns **[Promise][31]\<void>**&#x20;
 
 ## removeRoles
 
 This command allows administrators to remove a specific role from the list of roles users can request in the role channel.
 It finds the message with role request buttons, removes the button corresponding to the role, and updates the message.
 If the role or message is not found, a feedback message is sent to the administrator.
 
 ### Examples
 
 ```javascript
 // Example usage within a Discord server
 /removerole role:@Role
 ```
 
 Returns **[Promise][31]\<void>**&#x20;
 
 ## setupRoles
 
 This command allows administrators to configure the roles that users can request in a Discord server.
 It adds buttons in a message, which users can click to request a role. If a message with the role request
 buttons already exists, the command updates the message with the new role button. The response is
 ephemeral and will automatically be deleted after a short delay using the safeFollowUp function.
 
 ### Examples
 
 ```javascript
 // Example usage within a Discord server
 /setuproles role:@Role
 ```
 
 Returns **[Promise][31]\<void>**&#x20;
 
 ## ping
 
 /ping command to test the bot's responsiveness
 
 Returns **[Promise][31]\<void>**&#x20;
 
 ## suggestion
 
 Creates a suggestion poll for members to vote on.
 
 Returns **[Promise][31]\<void>**&#x20;
 
 [1]: #clear
 
 [2]: #examples
 
 [3]: #deletesuggestion
 
 [4]: #setuprolechannel
 
 [5]: #examples-1
 
 [6]: #setupstaffchannel
 
 [7]: #examples-2
 
 [8]: #setupsuggestionchannel
 
 [9]: #examples-3
 
 [10]: #setupvotechannel
 
 [11]: #examples-4
 
 [12]: #addmember
 
 [13]: #deleteproject
 
 [14]: #examples-5
 
 [15]: #editproject
 
 [16]: #edittasks
 
 [17]: #endproject
 
 [18]: #kickmember
 
 [19]: #leaveproject
 
 [20]: #listprojects
 
 [21]: #examples-6
 
 [22]: #startproject
 
 [23]: #cancelrequest
 
 [24]: #examples-7
 
 [25]: #removeroles
 
 [26]: #examples-8
 
 [27]: #setuproles
 
 [28]: #examples-9
 
 [29]: #ping
 
 [30]: #suggestion
 
 [31]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise
 
